---json
{
  "title": "FLUID-557",
  "summary": "Discuss and finalize 0.4 Components",
  "tags": "FLUID",
  "project": {
    "key": "FLUID",
    "title": "Fluid Infusion"
  },
  "type": "Task",
  "priority": "Major",
  "status": "Closed",
  "resolution": "Fixed",
  "assignee": "Daphne Ogle",
  "reporter": "Daphne Ogle",
  "date": "2008-04-29T17:03:00.000-0400",
  "updated": "2011-02-22T16:27:46.385-0500",
  "versions": [
    "0.4"
  ],
  "fixVersions": [
    "0.4"
  ],
  "components": [
    "UX: Component Design",
    "UX:  Planning"
  ],
  "environment": null,
  "issueLinks": [],
  "attachments": [],
  "comments": [
    {
      "author": "Daphne Ogle",
      "date": "2008-04-29T17:07:12.000-0400",
      "body": "iteration08\n"
    },
    {
      "author": "Daphne Ogle",
      "date": "2008-05-12T15:43:58.000-0400",
      "body": "File Uploader v2 (based on implementation feedback from community), smart pager, in-line edit\n"
    },
    {
      "author": "Michelle D'Souza",
      "date": "2011-02-22T16:27:46.337-0500",
      "body": "Closing issues that were resolved for 1.0 and earlier releases.&#x20;\n"
    }
  ]
}
---
Meeting time:  Monday 5/12 10:00 am PST

0.4 will be right on the heals of 0.3.  We have Uploader v2 and Tagging on the roadmap currently.  We need talk about whether or not tagging makes sense given the Image Gallery is way behind schedule (so designs haven't been fleshed out).  We could deliver the progress / status message and the multi-select boxes with some design enhancements and code refactoring.

This work should include identifying outstanding work and estimates for each component idea. &#x20;

I'm also attaching a Word doc with the roadmap and previously identified components.

The design team plus Colin and Eli (anyone else) should be part of a 1 hour meeting.   I assume there will be some prep and follow-up so the estimate is 2 hours for each person. (Estimating 2 hours per designer:  Erin, Allison, Gary, Daphne)

        